böck water heaters we take water heating
very personally
in 1929 oscar bach engineer and
entrepreneur founded the bulk company in
madison wisconsin and launched its first
product the Bach burner
since then Bach 100% employee-owned has
built a legacy of creative innovation
today that legacy continues with the up
to therm a modulating high efficiency
commercial gas water heater that
correlates fuel input to hot water
output to provide optimum thermal
efficiency and fuel savings what begins
as a blank sheet of steel ends up as a
powerful efficient ultra low NOx
money-saving component of your total
building mechanical system the op2
therms greater longevity and reliability
our result of the robust construction
that is put into every water heater bach
manufactures with every opted therm
built bach calls on the experience and
expertise of its employees all of whom
from design and manufacturing to testing
and marketing put their decades of
combined industry knowledge and
experience into every Optive therm they
make as impressive as the opted therm
appears on the outside it's on the
inside that the optic therm really
stands out on the inside Bach uses
thicker steel walls on average 40%
thicker than the industry standard also
inside the optimum is the patented turbo
flow helical fin heat exchanger the
turbo flue utilizes hundreds of turbo
fins arranged in a helical pattern to
make the turbo flus
fins are robotically welded in a precise
pattern to the flue tube each steel fin
increases surface area thereby
increasing heat conduction capacity
their spiral arrangement directs air
flow to maximize contact of hot
combustion gases with each fin
the result is heat conduction
performance that is far superior to that
of conventional fire tubes or baffled
flus a dual stage turbo flue is the
heart of the optic therms three-stage
heat exchanger a first stage turbo flew
with submerged blue flame burner and a
second stage turbo flue proceed a final
condensing third stage and to top it all
off the optic therm incorporates a
corrosion protection system that
eliminates the need for sacrificial
anode Rose opted therm sturdy strong
robust but not noisy thanks to its
stealth quiet operation as powerful as
it is inside and out the Optive therm is
no Beast to operate for ease of control
the optic therm employs an LCD user
interface panel
for centralized control the optic
thermal aoz remote control and
monitoring via an interface to your
existing building management system the
optic therm modulating blue flame burner
and three-stage heat exchanger achieves
10 to 17 percent savings versus non
modulating on off burners fuel input is
increased to meet heavy hot water demand
and decreased during lighter demand thus
saving money gather the components that
make up the optic thermal and you have a
high thermal efficiency lower operating
cost ultra low NOx commercial gas water
heater as impressively built and
efficient to operate as the optic there
is perhaps its biggest advantage is the
bug try Vantage better products and
better support gain a better return on
your investment bog builds an efficient
robust product using 40% thicker steel
on our tank walls than the industry
standard bog also features the patented
helical fin
turbo flue heat exchanger with far
superior heat conduction to that of fire
tubes or baffled flus BOC is 100%
employee-owned each individual from the
receptionist to the production worker to
the president has a personal stake in
everything we do
this personal involvement allows BOC to
offer a five-year tank warranty 67%
longer than our competition the bottom
line with better products and better
support comes the end result that really
matters
a better return on your investment the
up to thermal a modulating
high-efficiency commercial gas water
heater that provides optimum thermal
efficiency and fuel savings just the
latest example of how at Bob water
heaters we take water heating very
personally